Why is he pretending to be sick?
Master Sun will
How is that possible?
After hanging up my clothes
See if you can take a look. I'll just say
He is just a broke poor man.
Let’s go back to show off the previous ones
Master Sun didn't even take a look.
Not to mention this
I really pity Mrs. Sun.
The first day after entering the house
Just one person sleeping in such a big bed.
So lonely.
So comfortable.
A bed this big could be turned over. how?
Is it on your bed
There are quite a few people lying around.
Isn’t this Mrs. Sun, who came first?
The money exchanged by Mrs. Sun from our Jiang family
call you madam today
It may not be the same tomorrow.
I really think I am the master
Not nice to say
Items that don’t know when they will be thrown away
How about a few of us?
I'm sure I'm not one of you
It looks like it was broken in just three days
But behind the scenes
But the base of the back, foot and tongue
Do what you do in your sixties
Who can compare with you?
Who are you talking about?